feat: allow Drawer to accept Paper props and customizable HTML tag (#1406)
Jahia/moonstone: .chachalog/61tvA4gq.md

---
# Allowed version bumps: patch, minor, major

> "@jahia/moonstone": minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@jahia/moonstone": patch
```

---

> Allow Drawer to accept Paper props and customizable HTML tag (#1406)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `Drawer` to accept Paper's props and a customizable HTML tag for rendering (#1406)
```
